chore(docs): port MORE notions (#180)
sapphiredev/website: docs/Guide/application-commands/interaction-handlers/select-menus.mdx

title: Select Menus
---

> Select menus are components that are dropdowns. You can configure them to either allow only one value or multiple values. Here's a simple example that will echo the value selected to the user:

Reviewer: Note: not sure if the kind of select menus is out yet

```suggestion
Select menus are components that let you...select values (name speaks for itself doesn't it 😄). You can configure them to either allow only one value or multiple values, as well as what kind of select menu it should be.

Here's a simple example that will echo the value the user selected back to them:
```

```ts
import { InteractionHandler, InteractionHandlerTypes, PieceContext } from '@sapphire/framework';
import type { SelectMenuInteraction } from 'discord.js';

export default class extends InteractionHandler {
	public constructor(ctx: PieceContext) {
		super(ctx, { interactionHandlerType: InteractionHandlerTypes.SelectMenu });
	}

	public async parse(interaction: SelectMenuInteraction) {
		if (interaction.customId !== 'my-echo-select') return this.none()

> 		return this.some(dataFromDatabase);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		return this.some();
```
